what's up everyone so today I'm going to
do an unboxing video of the Sony
Playstation 3 The Last of Us bundle I
just picked up today so just to show you
the box so it comes with the Last of Us
game and a 250 gig PlayStation 3 alright
but I already opened it up a little bit
open it up and show you what's in
everything in the box
so the actual box is inside this little
sleeve let's take this out
I think the way they do this they sell
the PlayStation then they just send it
back put it in a sleeve so here's the
actual box a PlayStation 3 so you got
the know some about free online stuff a
Sony PlayStation 3 controller you got a
plug to plug into PlayStation and I
guess this is a plug to plug into your
TV and I think you're supposed to do
with like a HDMI cable but they do not
provide one and I believe this is a
charging cable for the wireless remote
and then some other paperwork here's the
game that comes with it is in the actual
plastic casing this over the back looks
like they actually unit
all right so that's the unit it's got
all the it's the power plug in the back
HDMI and the other plugs and then it's
got two USB ports on the bottom there
and then the top piece just slides open
I guess to put the disc in mm-hmm so the
others nothing in here just a sleeve and
then just a cardboard in there all right
so that is what comes in this bundle you
can pick that up that that's by or Game
Stop or Walmart and then of course add
to it with more games so please check
out my other videos and subscribe to my
channel